1. Rename desired mp3 to customsong.mp3 and move it into the assets/music folder  (replacing the dummy mp3)
2. Run the game in unity and go to create chart. the song should start playing and you can put down notes with 1,2,3,4.
3. After the song ends wait for the game to go back to the menu. A new text file named customsong.txt should be in the
assets/music folder.

4. Rename both the customsong.mp3 and customsong.txt to your desired name. Make sure the two files named the same for consistency
and clarity.

5. Make a duplicate of example.js or old_example.js (in the assets/music folder) and rename it to the same name as your mp3 and 
txt file. this is what will be attached to your scene in unity to play the song and read the txt file chart. Now edit the
.js file you just made and change the two lines that point to the text file. They should point to your new txt file.

6. In unity, duplicate one of the already existing game scenes (song(example) or song(example)). 

7. Rename the duplicated scene to the name of your song, then edit the scene. Then click on the camera object in the scene hierarchy.

8. In the inspector for the camera, change the audio source to read your mp3. Now delete the old song script that is attached
and replace it with your new song script (.js) . Now the game scene will load the correct song and read in the correct
txt file when the scene loads.

---How to add to song select ---

1. After testing the game scene and confirming everything works, save the scene and open up the song select scene.

2. Navigate the heirarchy until you reach GridWithSongs. Under this should be the list of song select buttons. 

3. Select one of the buttons that does not already have a song attached to it. For example, if you want to add a song to
SongSelectButton(2). click on it and attach the Song_Select C# script from the assets folder. 

4. Now click on the button(script) and click the plus button within the On Click () section. Where it says None (Object), click on it
and set it to the SongSelectButton(2) script. In the dropdown menu next to the one that says runtime only, select "Song_Select.LoadbyName".

5. Now underneath that, type in the EXACT name of the scene in unity that has your new song.

Hint: Look at the songs already in place and their scenes to better understand.

6. Finally, underneath the SongSelectButton(2) (for example), select Song, and you should be able to rename the button to display
the name of your song.